=== PAGE 2 ===

Workflow Review
Gallery.md Notes
Comments are numbered based on their numbered steps in the GALLERY.md file.
1. A workflow, end to end
1. No issues here.
2. Reading a step
1. Inputs listed as Pinned don't have any input edges, so who is choosing this
connection? The docs say someone chose it deliberately, but is that someone the user
or a developer?
3. Drop a step on the canvas
1. No issues.
4. Wiring
1. "- Hover a label: a sentence explains what that input or output is, and names its kind."
Names its kind of what? Should this be names its type?
5. When something's wrong
1. No issues.
6. Choosing a path
1. I think this has to be clearer. It wasn't immediately apparent that the Ref options were
previous nodes and their outputs.
2. The dropdown of operators currently contains things like gte, which I imagine would be
confusing if users weren't familiar with that shorthand. Maybe use the symbols
instead?
7. Doing it for every page
1. It's strange that connecting the Split Document to the Run for Each Item nodes creates
the edge between the order-of-operation connectors, even if I start it from the
Segments output.
2. Why currentSegment? Is this what the node looks for? That should be made clear to
the user, and if it's always this, why do we specify it?
3. Typing in the field is very laggy. I suspect it's the same problem as the HITL page,
where updates are causing a lot of the page to re-render when it really shouldn't if
broken up.
4. The wire is not green, it is purple, but so is the Run for Each Item node, so maybe
that's just an expected change.
8. Try it, and watch
=== PAGE 10 ===

1. The first quote reads: *This stop needs the engine running. If Try is greyed out,
hover it — it will say why. If nothing happens at all, the engine isn't up: skip to stop 11.*
1. Is it meant to be stop, not step?
2. The first actual instruction here is just Do this. What is it asking someone to do?
3. There aren't any instructions on what it wants from a user in the Run sidebar. Not sure
what to do with this text field when it's just an unpopulated {}.
4. There is no Try button, only Run.
5. Ended up running the workflow through the Upload page instead.
9. Reading the results
1. Could not complete because standard workflow is failing at Poll OCR step. What has
changed since the develop branch that would affect this?
10. What ran, and when
1. Same issue as #9
11. Versions
1. The Compare to Head feature could be clearer if it showed an actual diff, not just both
versions in full.
2. It did not appear to bring back the old version as a new version in the UI as the
instructions suggest. It looks like it just tags it as the HEAD.
12. Turn it into an API
1. Instructions outdated. It is the Run button, followed by the Call from outside tab.
2. Otherwise makes sense
13. Let people upload files
1. Run this workflow doesn't exist. It's just Run.
2. Works otherwise.
14. Write your own step
1. The editor occasionally forces the cursor to the end of the last line. Maybe this is
happening when it reloads? Makes it very frustrating to type.
2. Instructions make it sound like the green tick should be on the right, but it's below.
1. Couldn't get it to turn red. What's it looking for?
3. How can a user know what the Document type contains?
4. Trying to publish gives this error:
15. When a step goes missing
=== PAGE 16 ===

Misc Notes
1. Appropriate name, because the Demo - Deleted custom node doesn't appear to have
been seeded.
16. Ask the assistant to build it
1. I don't think I have the credentials for this. Which subscription is it meant to be using?
1. Dynamic nodes page. Button contains two + symbols:
2. Turning Simplified view on and off does some weird things to the formatting.
3. Why do some nodes connect with the run-order connections, but others don't?
These connector nodes also appear at different heights on the nodes.
Is there meaning behind the difference in the size of the Poll status connector?
=== PAGE 21 ===

4. Could we use these colours in the sidebar list of nodes?
Some of the categories in this legend could be more intuitive. Like, what's a "Judgement
about a document"?
5. Why does a node like Poll OCR Results have so many more fields than something like
Extract OCR Results?
=== PAGE 25 ===

6. It should be clearer where the Demo workflows come from and how to load them. I needed
to find a separate file about seeding this separate demo data, then figure out that I had to
generate an API key in the app and update some ENVs.
7. What do the parts reference on the demo workflow names? They don't correspond with the
parts of the walkthrough seemingly.
8. Cannot seem to manually connect order-of-operations edges. Is this intentional?
9. We might need a search bar for the workflow list. Even with this number of workflows, it can
be hard to find the one you want.
